Apologize and take a seat at a table with her.
Commendation with the group.
Do you mean I have a large ass?
A delinquent's sandwich.
Get some information about Sarah.
Get some information about the blood stains.
Get some information about Sarah.
Approach what he was searching for.
Inquire as to why the damnation he had a hatchet.
A piece of paper is adhered to the side of the Machine. Inspect it.
Superior to being starving! (A few minutes)
However, you are a Pomeranian!
Purchase one for five dollars.
Purchase one for four dollars.
Purchase one for two dollars.
Call a taxi. (One moment)
Throw in the towel.
Smoothly travel through the group and around Sarah's work area.
Would you sing one of your works of art?
Cleanliness is misrepresented! Settle for a fast flush. (Four minutes)
Protect yourself!
Significantly jump under Sarah's work area.
Drastically jump over Sarah's work area.
Consume tea.
Try to avoid.
Erm, hi. Would you sing one of your works of art?
Hmm, not actually.
Analyze the blonde wig.
Look at the brunette wig.
Look at whatever remains of the room.
Pardon me.
Clarify your circumstance.
Hazardous diarroiah.
fast food eatery
encircled photograghs
Get back in the auto.
Get out of auto.
Give your teeth a decent brushing. (Two minutes)
Go down the back street and attempt to meet the transport at the following road. Fifty-fifty possibility of achievement. (Increase two minutes on achievement. Lose three on disappointment)
East.
Fuck off.
Go looking for help.
North.
Get outside.
South.
Walk to the light.
West.
Snatch it and conceal it in your coat before Rachel can see it.
Have a fast, yet careful shower. (Seven minutes)
How would you realize that?
Getting some air is fine.
I prefer to drive home.
Disregard him.
Disregard the caution of others and keep pushing ahead.
I'll be okay.
I'm not intrigued.
I must be mad.
Input a coin.
Is this how all your nights end up?
It's a great opportunity to release it. Disassemble the firearm to the best of your capacity and dispose of it.
Because you're in a rush doesn't mean you need to lose your nobility! Eat it deliberately! (Three minutes)
Simply run down the road! (Two minutes)
Abandon it.
Leave the firearm.
Leave the room and go to your work area.
Leave with others.
Take a look at organization logo.
Take a gander at your colleagues.
Search for and wear your best outfit. (Five minutes)
Gazing up
Check under the fabric.
Turn up and look.
shopping center's ways out
Perhaps one day. Be that as it may, I'm fulfilled at this moment, and I have bills to pay. Continue going. (One moment)
Possibly you are correct.
No.
No. I give up.
Nah.
Not your issue to worry about.
Nothing going to stop my step! I gotta continue moving! (One moment)
No Time! Hold it in and get to the meeting! (Zero minutes)
No minute to spare! Eat it quickly! (Two minutes)
Gracious my Lordy longwinded, yes.
at an old age
Get outside
photograph
Poison his beverage.
Perused the card.
Stay standing.
Come back to the focal point of the shopping center.
Return your regard for the kitchen.
Return your eyes to the shopping center.
Return your look to the shopping center
Uncover your death note to David.
Say no and take a seat at a table with her.
Screw it. I'm going to locate another life at this moment. It's not going to be simple, but rather it's what I need.
Screw the deer! Continue driving!
Check what else is offered.
Shoo. Leave.
Shoot him before he has the opportunity to strike!
A bullet through the heart by Bon Jovi
Have a seat at the bar.
Sit down on a couch.
Jam on the brakes!
Run and try to catch it at the light. (Two minutes)
Stumble that way.
Stumble this way.
Stand back and watch while others use the Machine.
In a mall, standing.
Stagger that way.
Stagger this way.
Veer out of the way!
Jump on him and wrestle him to the ground!
After this near death experience, give yourself a moment to think about your life.  (Two minutes)
Get poison.
Get the gun.
Nervously, you tap your fingers against the desk.
Tell her how you died.
Don’t stop running!  You still need to catch the bus! (One minute)
It could have been a lot worse tonight. You never know, that gun may help me survive!
Grab something on the floor and throw it on. (Three minutes)
Try another time!
Try to start the car.
Try again to start the car.
Hurry to catch up! (one minute)
Try yelling loudly at the driver to gain his attention. The chance it will work is one in fifty, but if it does you can go straight to the office! (Two minutes if failed)
Try to push the chair out of his hands!
Try to get the gun away from him!
Try using your cell phone.
Change your attention to the kitchen
UFO grabber
Hide behind Bon Jovi to shield yourself!
Hold on.
go west
What was on your card?
What was on your slip?
What could you possibly see in a place like that?
What if your fate had been different?
What if you had made different choices?
When nature calls, you gotta go! (Two minutes)
For what reason do you deathspot?
Yes.
Okay, Sir.
You almost made me killed!
You couldn't have realized that would happen.
You decide to go.
You decide that you will stay, and turn around.
You don't happen to know how to utilize a weapon, isn't that right?
You know how to get there! If you go down the alley up ahead, you’ll cut off the bus at the next street. But, there’s a fifty percent chance a loading truck will block the path. (Gain two minutes on success. Lose three on failure)
You already look great! A little touch up is fine. (One minute)
Will be harmed by a disappointed worker?
You're going to get hit by Poison's visit transport?
Your propensity for shellfish is going to go bad?
